  This directory contains some SIMATH main programs in the two
subdirectories "basics" and "advanced". If you are not yet familiar
with SIMATH, you should first look at the sources in the directory
"basics".  The examples you will find there are supposed to help you
write your own SIMATH programs.

  The names of the main programs end with ".S". The easiest way of
compiling these programs is to use "CCC" in the directory
"$SM_HOME/bin" ("$SM_HOME" denotes the directory where SIMATH has been
installed on your machine). You can compile the program "<name>.S"
simply by typing
	"$SM_HOME/bin/CCC <name>".
This will produce an executable file named "<name>.x" in your current
working directory. (This method will not work for the file
"basics/m_kant_simath.S", since "CCC" doesn't know the required headers
and libraries used in the computer algebra package KANT.)

  You may also compile the main programs using "$SM_HOME/bin/SM". In
order to do this you will have to enter
	#shell#		$SM_HOME/bin/SM 	<RET>
	<		N			<RET>
	file name:	<name>			<RET>
	<		c			<RET>
	<               R			<RET>
The last 'R' in this sequence of commands starts the program "<name>.x"
in your current working directory (cf. the description of "SM" in the
SIMATH manual).

  If you have installed the KANT computer algebra package and
"$SM_HOME/bin/SM" has been compiled according to your installation of
KANT, you will be able to compile "basics/m_kant_simath.S" using "SM".
("basics/m_kant_simath.S" actually uses two computer algebra systems,
SIMATH and KANT.)

  In the next versions of SIMATH we will give you more examples of more
topics. But if you have any questions right now, please feel free to
contact
	simath@math.uni-sb.de.
We will try to help you.
